Liz McClaren has sung in front of
thousands of people but she's never used
an oven in her life the amount of times
I've tried to cook and they all and fire
alarms gone off I just don't what I cook
are you this I think my food tastes ok
but it doesn't really look that good
usually I'm not the best that using
ovens I'm alright with the whole hub I'm
always using hubs I don't really use
oven so anywhere
what what's so scary about novel you put
something in it cooks you take it out
again I am like phenomenally nervous
just two minutes
what was the play side is up
experimental cook julia has made stir
fried calamari with cashew nuts and
honey coated bean sprouts Wow
it's bitter from the salt from all the
soy that's going in there it's sweet
from the honey I gotta say it's been a
really really long time since I've I've
tasted anything quite as bad as that
you've gone from honey crunch to soy
sauce weird a little bit of burn in the
middle it's it's weird it's weird will
her main course a fried duck on a bed of
chili and ginger make a better
impression
there's too much soy really really salty
the idea of those cashew nuts in there
with the chilies absolutely right but
there's too many flavors for the normal
conventional person to eat there's gotta
be some lessons learned from this don't
attempt what you don't know how to do
despite his self-doubt michael is hoping
to win over the judges with his Chinese
style stir fried duck all the juices
have come together make your stir fry
the Ducks a bit tough but it's actually
quite sweet the texture and the flavor
sensations are in no way unpleasant so
stop writing yourself off we'll be the
judge of that
right well thank you very much
will his desert of strawberries with
mascarpone and cashew nuts go down as
well its bowl of strawberries with some
cashew nuts and some mascarpone on top
no but I think it is a straight cop-out
that is a cop-out the United to cop out
give us a little bit more effort Michael
novice cook liz has produced a starter
of deep fried calamari
good three please
yeah I'm ready please you made a batter
you put it in the oil that's fine but
you had a pan full of olive oil yeah
olive oil won't deep-fry it's too dense
so you need vegetable oil in there you
were all folks the hair on you yeah you
imagine if you know picked out the right
bottle boil for a minute because that's
all that would have taken yeah
we'll Liz get it right with her main
course of duck breast with stir-fried
mushrooms and bean sprouts
your duck is cooked perfectly whether
that's by fault or by chance I'm not
quite sure your vegetables are really
delicious and they go together really
nice with the duck you are the most
inexperienced cooker the three but all
in all it's a decent flavored meal now
we've got to figure out how on earth
this is happening you might be a right
you